---
id: f529017b-79b8-4664-a2ed-1ec4b5490913
name: PSET-RFC - Example
description: Template based on: PSET-RFC - Example
template_type: confluence
sections: ["Background", "Problem", "Scope", "Proposed\u00a0Solution", "**Alternatives Considered**", "**Implementation**", "Code Samples", "Diagram", "References / Further Reading", "FAQ", "Question:\u00a0Replace this text with the first question. Questions will appear in your Table of Contents.", "Stakeholder Approvals"]
created_at: 2025-06-22T19:32:22.335342
updated_at: 2025-06-22T19:43:43.265282
source_url: https://wiki.autodesk.com/display/~scattej/PSET-RFC+-+Example
space_key: ~scattej
page_id: 2794159752
last_synced: 2025-06-22T19:43:43.265250
sync_enabled: true
---

****** PLEASE READ BEFORE USING THIS TEMPLATE! ******  Reserve using this RFC template only for writing a PROPOSAL TO SOLVE A PROBLEM.
Not to record a decision / ADR. Not for writing a braindump, analysis, architecture overview, PRD, or anything other than proposing a solution and gathering stakeholder feedback.
PROPOSALS only.
Use this template only if you will follow the DRAFT > DISCUSSION > ACCEPTED / REJECTED workflow, and will update the status macro manually. After you gather feedback and it is accepted, be sure to create an ADR using the template on PSET-ADRs page. Please retain the PSET-RFC- prefix added by this template in your page title, and ensure your page title is descriptive. If it's about a specific service or platform, name that service within the title.
20pxright35%rfc-metadataSummaryOne-sentence summary of the SOLUTION YOU WILL BE PROPOSING that has a bit more detail than the title.Capability* Specify the Capability from the Autodesk Capabilities Map that this proposal ties back to.  This helps readers find and group relevant proposals according to business needs. **Capabilities common to PSET: Access, Design & Make Data, Developer Productivity, Trusted Platform, Graphics & Visualization, External Developer Ecosystem, AI/MLStatusDRAFT Use the status of this document as of the current date. Don't leave it in DRAFT after it enters the discussion phase.
trueYellowDISCUSSION Greenaccepted Redrejected trueGreenCompletedPlease replace the default DRAFT status in the main cell with the accurate status as you move through the review workflow! Other possible ways to conclude the lifecycle may include:
trueON HOLD - if priorities have shifted away temporarily and this proposal is not in active consideration.
May be worded as truearchived if it's an indefinite shift.

trueYellowsuperseded - if a newer proposal supersedes this original one. Your old superseded proposal should link to the new one, and vice versa, for discoverability.

AuthorEnter the RFC author's name. Only enter more than one name if there are multiple direct contributors / editors to this page. Originating PSET SubdivisionEnter the name of the VP-level subdivision within PSET you belong to, from which this proposal originates. Specifically one of the following fully spelled out (with no initials):  Analytics Data Platform, Autodesk Research, Developer Enablement, Identity & Licensing, Product Data, Programs and Business Excellence, Strategic Technologies, Technology Excellence, Trust.
** Only specify the PSET Subdivision from the list above. Do not list subteams -- this is for sorting in the RFC report, so it must be verbatim.
Impacted Organization(s)List all major organizations who will be impacted by this decision (ex. PDMS, ESE, EMS, PSET, COO, PPL, AEC, etc). Don't write "All" or "Many" or subteams, just the major orgs  Stakeholders** Be sure to list stakeholders of this RFC here (Example only: Raji Arasu (PSET)). Enter the name, followed by the org initials in parentheses.  Stakeholders should be the ones who will decide whether your proposal is accepted or rejected. Stakeholders MUST be named from affected orgs. PRD linkIf applicable to your proposal, add a link here to any product requirements document that is related to your solution.
ADR linkIf this RFC spawns any ADRs in wiki, link to them here upon their creation.
Write N/A if this proposal is rejected or if an ADR wouldn't apply. Create short links rather than full links.
Last Update Date@modifiedyyyy-MM-dd This will be auto populated with every edit. Enter nothing in this cell.
Last Updated ByThis will be auto populated with every edit. Enter nothing in this cell..
grayOn this page
## Background

Use this section to provide initial context before you get to your problem statement.

## Problem

*** THIS SECTION IS REQUIRED. DESCRIBE THE PROBLEM HERE, WHICH YOUR PROPOSED SOLUTION WILL ADDRESS. ***
Write your problem statement here, in at least TWO paragraphs. Not a one-liner.
The guiding goal of the problem section  is that a newcomer to this project (new employee, team transfer) can read the Problem section and follow any links to get the full context of why this change is necessary.
Refer to as much supporting evidence of the problem as possible.

## Scope

Explain what is and is not in scope of this proposal.

## Proposed Solution

*** THIS SECTION IS REQUIRED. IF YOU ARE NOT PROPOSING A SOLUTION, YOU MAY BE USING THE WRONG TEMPLATE ***.
Clearly describe the solution you are proposing, and how it’s going to solve the problem
This section may include additional sub-sections, some high-level
diagrams and some code samples. Be sure you are not continuing to describe the problem statement anymore in this section - stick to describing the proposed solution here.

### **Alternatives Considered**

OPTIONAL, but helpful for those who look back on this RFC in the future.
Explain what alternatives were considered and WHY they were abandoned.
Ideas you previously proposed but were rejected in the review process can be moved to this area too.

### **Implementation**

OPTIONAL, provide HIGH LEVEL notes on how the implementation will work. (Not to assign implementation duty to a team.)
This section should explain the rough API changes (internal and external), package changes, etc.
The goal is to summarize about the subsystems that require change and the surface area of those changes.

### Code Samples

pyfunc example() {
<-make(chan struct{})
}Use the above macro wherever needed to enter code samples. Choose the appropriate highlighting config in the macro for the language.

### Diagram

truefalseautotoptrue
Use draw.io to add a living diagram to this RFC. Place the diagram (via drag and drop) close to relevant text.
You can move the diagram to another section of the page, wherever it makes sense. Please don't copy/paste a static diagram image here.

## References / Further Reading

## FAQ

### Question: Replace this text with the first question. Questions will appear in your Table of Contents.

Answer: Replace with the first answer, and repeat this format in new FAQ lines.
A good source of questions and answers to add here are the comments you get from your reviewers.

## Stakeholder Approvals

Stakeholder nameCommentsEnter stakeholder's names here, one name per row.Have stakeholders enter their approval / rejection comments for this proposed solution here.Make sure they come from all the ADSK subdivisions affected by this proposed solution Questions /.discussions should be asked in the main comments section or in inline comments, rather than in this table.

5This macro will show the last 5 versions, along with any change comments added. You can change the number if needed, but don't leave blank.
true**BEFORE YOU SAVE AN EDIT/UPDATE****: – >>**

**  Enter a short message about what you changed below, in the field left **of the **BlueUpdate** button.
This will populate the **Change History **macro and will let others know what updates to look for here.

Thanks for creating an RFC!